DR: So we are geriatricians. What do you think
geriatricians do?
#1. It doesnít have anything to do with Jerry
Lewis I guess.
#2. I have no idea. I would think jury atrician?
DR: Geri, geriatrician.
#2. Geriatrician....its gotta be something
in the sciences. Really I have no idea. If
you had
said jury atrician I would think it had something
to do with the courts but now that youíve
corrected me I would have to say it has to
do something with science or medical.it
makes me think of pharmaceutical but I really
donít know.
#3. First word that came to mind was Gerrymandering.
DR. Gerrymandering, hmm, hmm.
People who make sure that that does not happen.
DR. O.K.
#4. Ice cream. Laughter.
DR. Ice cream?
#4 Ben and Jerryís.
#5 I was just gonnaí ask you what a Geri
atrician was. A Geriatrician????? WOW, I
have not heard that. Uhm, sounds like something
in nutrition. Choosing foods certain foods
that are healthy. Yes, I just finished taking
care of my aging parents and actually they
passed away but in the midst of it all Iíve
read things about taking care of the elderly
and I have not come across that word. Geriatrician...so
I have  learned something today.
#6. Uhm, actually Iím not too clear on what
geriatricians do. Uhm, yea.
#7. The thing that initially pops out is jury
so I am thinking jury.law and then atrician.the
only thing I can think about in my head is
like dietitian or atrician or but I have
no idea how those could possibly come together
to form a career
#8 And geriatricians I would guess would have
something to do with like diet like nutrition diets. diets like
dietitian may be a person who specializes
DR. You heard of the term before?
#8: I havenít thatís actually the first
time. So I donít know if thatís a new thing
going on cause when I was in college I did
not have that.
DR. O.K.
DR. Have you heard of the term beforeÖ.geriatrician?
#9 No never. Never in my life.
#10. A geriatrician .it sounds like it sounds
like it would be some form of nutrition, diet,
something related to the intake
#11 Something to do with Geriatrics. Nutrition
#12 I mean, I would, I would think it would
have something to do with being on a jury
or something I donít know, Iím just guessing.
I donít know. I never heard the word
DR. that is fantastic
#13 I would go with the same thing, I honestly
#14 Geriatrician. Well I think of geriatricians
geriatrics .children .childrenís doctor pediatricians,
but geria .that would be my guess. Now that
I'm thinking about it... does geriatrics have
to deal with old people or young people? Gosh
I think maybe geriatrics is old people though
so this has something to do with our older
generations? That would be my best guess.
#15. Geriatrics. Geriatrics for what they
do like, itís like being a juror basically.
DR. So it could be physicians, nurses
#16. Geriatircian that doesnít sound medical
although I donít know what the word would
be for a physician in geriatrics. Is that
the proper term?
#17. I donít want to sound really dumb. Is
that a Dr. who works with elders? Yes. Yeah.
Dr. yea, fantastic.
Dr. What does a geriatrician do?
#18. Honestly. I would say nutrition for geriatrics
people so it would be the elderly.
DR. o.k. great.
#19. I think that helping the elderly with
their nutrition and taking care of their body
through nutrition.
DR. Have you ever heard of the term geriatrician
maíam?
#20. Yes, I heard of a geriatric aide. O.K.
DR. But the term geriatrician itself?
#20. No.
DR. Have you ever heard of the term before?
#21. No.
DR. Youíve never heard the term geriatrician
before?
#22. Well it sounds kind of like dietitian
except for old people so I would think it
might be related to how older people maybe
eat
#23. Nobody knows what a geriatrician is.
Itís usually a geriatrics doctor. Itís not
a geriatrician. First time Iíve ever heard
of it.